Fix z-dependence in ion contribution of optical Thomson scattering `spectral_density` function. (#2699)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/2699.bugfix.rst

Changed the z dependence of the ion contribution to the optical Thomson scattering
spectral density function in `~plasmapy.diagnostics.thomson.spectral_density_lite` from ``z``

> to ``z^2 / zbar`` to match Eq. 5.1.2 and following equations in Plasma Scattering of Electromagnetic Radiation
> by Sheffield et al. (2011). The result is a small change in the ion acoustic wave spectrum for plasmas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ``z^2 / zbar`` to match Eq. 5.1.2 and following equations in :cite:t:`sheffield:2011`. 
The result is a small change in the ion acoustic wave spectrum for plasmas
```
📚 We could use the bibliography!
